---
layout: post
title: Couchsurfing: How to Write a Great Couchsurfing Profile
description: 7 min read
date: 2015-06-02
tags: [travel - couchsurfing]
comments: true
share: true
published: true
---

### Fill out the profile completely

It just takes 20 minutes!

### Go Deep, Not Wide
If you’re considering writing something along the lines of “I’m optimistic, kind, funny, smart, and love people”, consider just leaving the space blank. Those are huge generalizations and don’t embrace the core values that define you. Be free! Be yourself! After all, it’s just Couchsurfing – not Judgement Day. Instead, pick your top 3 characteristics and spend more time highlighting those rather than rattling off adjectives.

### Get Yo' Idiosyncracy On!
Who are you really? 

When I first started couchsurfing, I was compelled to keep my profile non-specific. I was afraid people would judge me for my idiosyncrasies. Would they think I’m too bubbly with all those exclamation points? Would I alienate non-intellectual types by strictly classifying myself as super philosophical/intellectual? After spending weeks keeping my profile non-specific, I changed it up and dove into the specifics, crafting an expose of sorts, enriched with quirky details and all. Lo and behold, the greater specificity prompted far more curiosity and a greater overall response.

SO. Do you love peanut butter and jelly sandwiches? Are you a diehard fan of Grey’s Anatomy? Do you love TED talks? Include these idiosyncrasies and quirks as they make you seem real. At the end of the day, people simply want authenticity, and it’s so, so, SO refreshing as a person to be able to BE authentic and to have that authenticity embraced by others.

### Be Extraordinary
Hosts fundamentally want to meet interesting people. Be someone who you want to meet. For that reason, include any cool or impressive things you’ve done. This could include:

Interesting things you’ve done (e.g. biked across a few countries, grew up in poverty, etc.,)
Things with interesting stories behind them (Got on national TV, went skydiving)
Impressive achievements (started a business, survived cancer, left a 9-5 job for passion)

Some examples could be:

- Helped found TEDx at Johns Hopkins University [2013]
- Hiked to the top of a volcano (in snow and hail) [2015]
- Ate at the coffee shop where J.K. Rowling authored Harry Potter [2015]
- Was featured on National Television in Ireland [2015]

### Bring Something to the Table
The beauty of the Couchsurfing community is that it’s a group of open-minded, free-spirited, positive, and people-oriented individuals. So in your profile, its best to appeal to these things – either by explicitly stating you subscribe to these values or by pointing out that you’re looking to Couchsurf because you want to meet people and enjoy being around people of those values. In short, appeal to Couchsurfing values.

### Set your status to 'Accepting Guests' or 'Wants to Meet Up'
This isn’t super important but it’s always nice to see a Couchsurfer who gives back to their community.