---
layout: post
title: Neha's Goals!
description: "An overview of Neha's goals throughout time."
date: 2017-07-31
tags: [about neha]
comments: true
share: true
published: true

category: about_neha
---

## Macro Level Goals (August 2017)

* Be a giving person on a regular, day-to-day, basis.
* Get addicted to exercising (in a good way).
* Find a life partner.
* Be humble and committed to self-improvement.
* Be forgiving & caring in close relationships.
* Be a good daughter.
* Treat my body like a temple. 
* Regulate emotions better.

## Macro Level Goals Quantified

Because I believe in clarity and a certain degree of quantification, I've included the section below to clarify what the goals above mean. 

The definitons may vary in precision (for example, I find the goal of _regulate emotions better_ incredibly hard to quantify because I don't know the upper limit of achievement)but I think I have a good sense of assessing myself by them as they are defined below, and I think that's all that matters. 

P.S. If you think something crucial is missing from the list, let me know! There's a comments section below or message/[email me](mailto:neha@nehakay.com) for a bit of goal diversity and extra perspective. 🙂 

#### Be a giving person, on a regular, day-to-day, basis.

* Actively listen and scan for opportunities to help others achieve their goals. __This is literally being a radar detector for helping others, in small but meaningful ways.__ This could be putting them in touch with a friend, having their resume referred, giving them advice, or sending them a set of links on something they've expressed worry or interest in. 

* In a work context, if it comes down to individual performance versus generosity, favor generosity. __It's erring on the side of helping the team, not the individual.__

#### Get addicted to exercising (in a good way).

* Seeing exercise as a part of life, like brushing my teeth or flossing, and not as an optional chore or decision. This, I think, comes with doing what it takes to build a permanent habit of exercise. 

#### Find a life partner.

* Actively working on finding a life partner with [the same hustle and tenacity as I'd have when starting a business]({% post_url 2017-07-31-society-has-dating-all-wrong %}){:target="_blank"}.

#### Be humble and committed to self-improvement.

* This is being aware of the things you struggle with and having 2-3 _areas to improve_ in mind in whatever period of time you're in. It's also focusing on the next 2-3 things you have to work on rather than over-celebrating what you've achieved so far. 

#### Be forgiving & caring in close relationships.

* During moments when it's tempting to hold a grudge or be unkind, opt out of that for the sake of yourself and the other person. Over time, <a href="http://www.nehakay.com/life/life-perspective#people-are-not-immutably-bad" target="_blank">people tend to reciprocate how you act towards them</a>, so this is in effect, ensuring you'll be treated well when you screw up. Plus, it's just a 100x better relationship to be in. 

#### Be a good daughter.

* Call parents at least once a day.

* Once I have the financial capability, buy them an all expenses paid trip to somewhere really, really, _really_ nice --- for example Hawaii or Italy.

#### Treat my body like a temple. 

* Focus on eating healthy to unhealthy foods in a 9:1 ratio.
* Use your posture corrector regularly and focus on having good posture while sitting and standing; taking regular breaks to stretch your neck.
* Sleep a minimum of 7 hours a day.
* Exercise! (See exercise goal above.)

#### Regulate emotions better.

* This encompasses controlling strong emotions. In other words, <a href="http://www.nehakay.com/life/quotes#on-emotions" target="_blank">maintaining emotional equanimity</a> in the face of the most stressful and/or painful situations. 

## Legend

(-3) 😕-😕-😕-0-🙂-🙂-🙂 (3)

## Progress

| Goals | Progress (Aug-2016) | Progress (Aug-2017) | Comments |
| :------: | :------: | :------: | :------: |
| Generosity   | 😕-😕-😕 | 🙂-🙂-🙂 | *Hugely* leveled up |
| Exercise | 😕-😕-😕 | 😕-😕-😕 | Stuck on level couch potato 😕 |
| Life Partner    | 😕-😕-😕 | 😕-😕-😕 | Level up in the works |
| Humility / Self-improvement | 🙂-🙂-🙂 | 🙂-🙂-🙂 | Always a priority... |
| Filial duty  | 😕-😕 | 🙂-🙂 | Gotten better but room for improvement |
| Treat body well    | 😕-😕 | 0 | Marginal gains; LOTS of room for improvement |
| Emotion regulation    | 😕-😕 | 😕-😕 | Marginal if any gai; LOTS of room for improvement |

