---
layout: post
title: "Quotes"
description: ""
date: 2017-06-04
tags: [surprise me]
comments: true
share: true
--- 

Below is a list of quotes I've read or picked up along the way that I've especially enjoyed. None of them are mine but if you Google them, I'm sure you'll find the original owner =)


## Life Perspective

* "It is important to maintain your equanimity. You cannot let yourself get too 'up' or too 'down' based on your circumstances.” "Too 'down' I understand. But why not too 'up?’""Because the higher your mountains are, the deeper your valleys will seem. You should not react to the world. You should respond, but not react. A response is an action based on logic. A reaction is an emotional state. Your reaction will not change the world. Your reaction only changes you. Your response will change the world.” ~ HONY

* Every season ends so that something more beautiful can bloom

* The other big lesson to success (in life, not just recruiting) is to do the things that others do not do, do not know how to do, or choose not to do.

* Do not forget to show hospitality to strangers, for by so doing some people have shown hospitality to angels without knowing it. Hebrews 13:2

* Advice on how to handle a stressful situation: “Take a deep breath and realize how small this moment is in the vast scheme of you life. It will all come to pass, and you will be successful, as long as you keep your head on straight."

* He'd observed, even from the plant floor, that audacity was often the only thing that separated two equally talented men and their job titles. Dad had taught me that there is genius, even kindness, in being bold. Nothing in my life has created opportunity like a willingness to ask, whatever the situation.

* Youth is a time of total empowerment. You get to do what you want. As you mature and gain new responsibilities, you have to be very intentional about making sure you don’t lose sight of what’s important. The best way to do that is to make investments in your life so that you can have an effect on who you are in your later years.

## Career and Purpose

* My unsolicited advice to women is this: when faced with agism, sexism, lookism, or really aggressive buddhism is this: ask yourself, is this person between me and what I want to do? If the answer is no, ignore it and move on. Your energy is better spent doing your work and outpacing people that way, Then, when you’re in charge don’t hire the people who were jerky to you… Dont waste your energy trying to educate and change opinions. Go over, under, through and opinions will change organically when you are the boss. (Tina Fey, Bossypants)

* You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect the dock looking backward so you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future you have to trust in something your gut, destiny life karma whatever is believing the dots will connect in the future will give you the confidence to follow your heart even when it leads you off the well worn path and that will make all the difference

* Our achievements grow according to the size of our dreams and the degree to which we are in touch with our mission.

* What you cannot stand to see done badly is exactly where you ought to work.
    * Other people might not even be bothered by these things, but your inability to put up with anything less than excellence means that you have an interest there. You need to recognize, "This is an area I have passion about.

* Almost every day, some ambitious young man or woman sends me an e-mail that states all too directly, "I want a job." Or, "I think you can help me. Take me on as your mentee." I shudder at how deeply these young folks misunderstand the process. If they're going to get my help, and they haven't even offered their help in return, then at minimum they should attempt to endear themselves to me. Tell me why you're special. Tell me what we have in common. Express gratitude, excitement, and passion.

* Disciplined dreamers all have one thing in common: a mission. The mission is often risky, unconventional, and most likely tough as hell to achieve. But it is possible.

## Love

* Research shows we don't really fall in love with a person — we fall in love with how we feel when we're with them

* You will miss out on some near soul mates. This goes for friendships, too. There will be unforgettable people with whom you have shared an excellent evening or a few days. Now they live in Hong Kong, and you will never see them again. That’s just how life is.

* For me, I've found that when I become obsessed with someone, it's usually because I seem to have found a beauty in them that isn't found in everyone else I meet, and that captures me

* But human happiness doesn’t function in sweeping strokes, because we don’t live in broad summations—we’re stuck in the tiny unglamorous folds of the fabric of life, and that’s where our happiness is determined. So if we want to find a happy marriage, we need to think small—we need to look at marriage up close and see that it’s built not out of anything poetic, but out of 20,000 mundane Wednesdays.

